bonus yen veganism is not just literally
a way of life
veganism is kind of what I would
consider a religion this is something
that people base everything off of just
like me being a Christian the Bible and
they everything off of what the Bible
says people base their lives off of just
veganism if you claim to be vegan
everything needs to be cruelty-free you
cannot eat animals you cannot be going
to zoos you cannot have a pet like
veganism is beyond just I eat vegan it's
a religion it covers every part of your
life and also all the comments would be
disabled I don't want to have the
negative comments that have my last
video because it was beyond just people
stating their opinions it was people
from the vegan community like hardcore
from the vegan community telling me to
go have an abortion to have an abortion
of my baby that I'm expecting a
Christmas Day ish is my due date you
need to go have an abortion you need to
have this done to you I hope someone
kills you I hope someone hits you in the
car are you serious they live their life
with their convictions and I continually
live mine with my own being verbally
abusive and swearing it really shows
your maturity it shows your character
and I was not impressed at all
I believed in Jesus Christ I am a
Christian that is what I believe that is
what I'd be so much if not everything of
what I do on is just on the Bible on the
Word of God if I meet a non-christian
and I just start telling them you're
going to hell
you're sinner you're a horrible person
why do people love you all this I hope
you die like are they really going to
listen to me for me this is just how I'm
living my life right now so to wrap up
this part I don't endorse in humane
animal treatment and also just really
bad environmental practices that all of
these factories are doing it's not okay
but doing locally farmed meats you're
scratching out all of those things
and I really feel like I'm doing it
right and if I'm not doing it right I'm
doing it better for the shape they stun
them in the back of the head and they go
then they go down a ramp and as you have
seen in the videos they get this ropes
cut and they get hung up and they get
bled out
and what's the halal meat they get
stunned and I supposedly can't feel
anything as they get your throat slit
and hung up and bleed out and there is
literally pools of blood like sitting
just out I don't know I don't actually
know what they do with it
and then when the old yous come through
so the really really old sheep it was
horrendous like some of them had cancer
some of them actually had still had
little babies inside of them like little
little lambs little tiny fetus lambs
that you would cut that cut open and I'd
just be lying on the ground like lying
on the floor I know like yes what I was
doing to the sheep was horrendous but
the cows were just they just I just
changed me anyway you can literally see
them like convulsing like you can see
like that the veins and the legs and the
neck and they're just like twitching and
convulsing and yeah that was one thing
that really really changed me I baddest
yen what does it mean to say that you
support the war against Isis if you
would not be willing to pull the trigger
yourself if you would not be willing to
kill on the battlefield what is the
meaning of the word support to support a
cause to support an idea to support one
side or another in a civil war it's
something very fundamentally different
from tolerance it's something very
different from tolerating a social
problem or an unresolved question in
politics in a great deal of our
discourse in the decadent West in
democratic countries like the United
States and Canada a great deal of our
discourse is just about tolerance about
how we can have a tolerant society how
we can be inclusive and considerate
towards transsexuals how we can be
tolerant towards gambling towards drug
addicts towards prostitution towards
things we may personally
have an aversion towards we may
personally morally disapprove of we
wouldn't want to be involved ourselves
and yet we know we live in a crowded
society in mass where we all have to
live together and the question is how
can we tolerate one other how can we get
along and yet there's this very
different ethical and political set of
questions we have to ask when we're not
talking about tolerance when we're
talking about support you don't need to
be an intellectual or a philosopher to
understand veganism you don't need to be
very intelligent at all to make the
right decision and do the little bit you
can to abstain from supporting animal
exploiting industries meat dairy and
eggs you don't have to be a genius to
figure out that there's an ethical
difference between wearing a coat that's
made at a polyester and a coat that's
made out of skin it doesn't take a
genius but there are questions here that
are simple simple but not easy to convey
especially not to someone who's
fundamentally defensive distant hostile
not trying to hear it if you support the
meat industry if you give them your
money if you pay them to do this thing
on your behalf what does it mean that
you would be unwilling to do it yourself
when I say that I supported the war
against Isis I don't just mean that I
tolerated it I don't just mean that I
could have protested or I could have
refused to pay my taxes but I decided to
drag my feet and tolerate it no I
actually wasn't signed up to join the
army I volunteered to join that war and
the only reason I didn't get into the
army was people it was just your credit
details that I couldn't get in but
otherwise I would have gone over and I
don't know done a tour of duty doesn't
whatever I could to find the words that
I supported that war
so when I say I supported the war I do
mean that both hypothetically and
actually I would have been willing to
pull the trigger I would have been
willing to watch another human being die
for this cause but you you with your
excuses for eating meat you with your
excuses for paying to support this cause
you wouldn't go to the slaughterhouse
yourself you wouldn't slit that cow's
throat yourself you wouldn't have the
blood pour over your hands you wouldn't
do this and what I've said now is a
generalization I know it's not true of
everybody I know there's a tiny minority
of people who really do go to the forest
and hunt their own deer I mean as a
percentage of the tons of meat consumed
per year it's insignificant there are
people there are people who are willing
to pull the trigger but the irony is
it's exactly not the people who are
critics in this way of veganism who
claim that they're choosing the lesser
of two evils that they're making some
kind of ethical choice by eating happy
meat Organic family farmed free-range
extra expensive extra ethically labeled
meat those are exactly the people who
would be horrified to see the reality of
how these animals live and how these
animals die who would never participate
in in this act themselves okay and yet
they do support it and this is why
discussions about veganism are so much
more intense and so much more fraught
with emotion than questions of how can
we tolerate include transgender people
how can we tolerate gambling how can we
tolerate drug addicts because it's not
about tolerance
whichever decision you make you are
supporting one side or the other it's a
civil war that divides the whole world
into two unequal halves and there's no
third option either you are supporting
the meat industry the dairy industry the
eggs
you are refusing to support them you're
supporting vegan companies you're
supporting a vegan cause there is no
third way this is an ethical dichotomy
and what we hear again and again from
these people is the reassurance that
they tolerate us that they regard us as
vegans as yet another disadvantaged
minority as yet another group like
transgender people and they want to
reassure us that they are very liberal
and very pious and very concern and
they'll accept us in their myths they'll
even maybe accept us having a district
the same way a lot of big cities have a
gay district or something that we can
have our restaurants we can have our
little places and hangouts too and again
this isn't methodological sophisticated
but that's miss apprehending the nature
of this conflict and of course their
next step is to say but you also have to
tolerate us you also have to just as
we're being accepting and liberal
towards you you also have to accept us
the meat-eating majority right that's
always the next step of that argument
mutual acceptance mutual tolerance is
that how either side could win or lose
in the Syrian civil war is that what
happened with Isis not all political
decisions and not all political
movements can be comprehended under this
pluralistic paradigm of the tolerant
society trying to include mutually
hostile and contradictory subcultures
veganism is a subculture but we don't
want to be and all of you watching this
who eat meat and make excuses for it and
pay the extra five bucks for ethically
farm meat you have to ask yourself what
does it mean that you support this when
you wouldn't pull the trigger of
yourself
[Music]
evolution